Update docs (#12)
hazelcast/clc-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/clc-serializer.adoc

= clc serializer (Beta)

> Generates serializer code for various serialization systems.

Author: We currently only support compact serialization, but we'll add more in the future.
I will change it to just "Generates serialization code" if it's OK.

> Generates serializer code for various serialization systems.

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

* Describe the contents of a compact class using supported field types.
* Import other schema.
* Specify a namespaces for schema files and reference other namespaces.
* Reference classes that are not present in the given schemas.

Schemas are written in YAML.

> Schema format is given below:

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

[source,yaml]
----
serializer:
    namespace: <optional package/namespace of the serializer>
classes:
    - name: <full name of the class, including the package/namespace>
      typename: <an optional unique string that distinguishes this class in the cluster>
      fields:
         - name: <field name>
           type: <full name of the field type, including the package/namespace>
----

==== serializer

Contains the options for the serializer classes.
The options apply to all serializer classes generated from the classes in this file.

* `namespace`: Optional package/namespace of the serializers. If not specified, the package/namespace of the class is used for the serializer.

==== classes

> Defines class informations in the schema.

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

All class informations have the following attributes:

* `name`: Full name of the class, including package/namespace.

> * `typename`: This is an optional type name to be used. Compact serialization mechanism distinguishes data types in the cluster using their type names. Hence, type names must be unique across the cluster. If not specified, the full type name of the class is used.

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

> * `fields`: Field informations of the class

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

A field information has the following attributes:

* `name`: Name of the field

> * `type`: EIther one of the builtin type names llsted below, or full name of the field type, including package/namespace.

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

==== classes

Defines class information in the schema.

All class informations have the following attributes:

* `name`: Full name of the class, including package/namespace.
* `typename`: This is an optional type name to be used. The compact serialization mechanism distinguishes data types in the cluster using their type names. This means that type names must be unique across the cluster. If not specified, the full type name of the class is used.
* `fields`: Field information of the class

A field information has the following attributes:

* `name`: Name of the field

> * `type`: Either one of the built0in type names listed below, or the full name of the field type, including the package/namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type`: Either one of the built-in type names listed below, or the full name of the field type, including the package/namespace.
```

Author: Oops! Fixed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/42fe9beaa1c49bb95652100880bea35baa44869c
